Please anonymize the following text: 



Record date: 2074-10-20




NAME:     Fonsea, Lydia
MRN:      7090253

The patient is a 58-year-old white female, who presents in follow up of type 2
diabetes mellitus.  

REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: Review of systems is positive for mild nocturia and
negative for chest pain, dyspnea, bleeding, heat or cold intolerance.

HOME BLOOD GLUCOSE MONITORING: Semi-compliant.

DIET: Semi-compliant with low-salt ADA.

ACTIVITY LEVEL: METS 2. 

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Vital signs: Blood pressure 114/68. Weight 198
pounds.  Heart rate 68. Respiratory rate 18. General appearance: Overweight. 
HEENT: No retinal bleeding.  Neck: No JVD, no bruits, no masses.  Heart: Heart
sounds normal. Lungs: Clear. Extremities: No peripheral edema.

ASSESSMENT AND PLAN:  

(1)  Type 2 diabetes mellitus.  I suspect the control is not adequate.  The last
     hemoglobin A1C was 7.9% on 04/29/73.  Plan: Repeat hemoglobin A1C. 
     Diet and increase activity level.  She most likely is going to need a second
     nighttime injection. 

(2)  Depression.  Plan: Continue the same medications.  

(3)  Mild diabetic nephropathy.  Plan: Check urine microalbumin.  Blood
     pressure is excellent today.  

(4)  Health maintenance.  The patient will need a lipid profile and flu vaccine.

The patient will follow up in one month.

Austin Jaeger, M.D.

AJ/yeung/updegraff




Record date: 2075-11-30




NAME:     Jaeger, Austin
MRN:      12285603

Patient is a 17 year old girl who presents for a well-patient visit.  She has
not been seen in the clinic since her last visit when she was 15.

REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: Review of Systems is positive for nocturia, dysuria,
headache, and mild dizziness. 

HOME BLOOD GLUCOSE MONITORING: Semi-compliant.

DIET: Compliant. 

ACTIVITY LEVEL: Moderate.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: Vital signs: Blood pressure 120/68. Weight 87 pounds.
Head circumference 30. Heart rate 86. Respiratory rate 12. General appearance:
Overweight. HEENT: No retinal bleeding. Neck: No JVD, no bruits, no masses.
Heart: Heart sounds normal. Lungs: Clear. Extremities: No peripheral edema.

ASSESSMENT AND PLAN:  

(1)  Type 2 diabetes.  Plan: Continue metformin 500mg twice daily. 

(2)  Mild diabetic nephropathy.  Plan: Follow up in 1 year.  

The patient will follow up in one month. 

Shawn Sparer, M.D.

SAS/updegraff




Record date: 2018-11-23




NAME:     Austin, Shawn
MRN:      26758120

Pt is a 30 year old male, who presents with a chief concern of abdominal pain.
Patient has no other concerns.

PHYSICAL EXAM: Vital signs are within normal limits. Pt is 5'9", 205 lbs. 
Pt is not overly obese. No abnormalities of neck, lungs, heart, etc. 

ROS was unremarkable.

ASSESSMENT:

(1) Patient is here for abdominal pain.  Pt presents with no abnormal lab
     values.  Pt is a known type II diabetic who is compliant with his diet and
     medication.  Pt is also a smoker and does not exercise. 

(2) Patient presents with abdominal pain, which is a nonspecific complaint that
could be due to many conditions including gastritis, pancreatitis, etc.  I would 
want to follow up with an abdominal ultrasound. 

DIAGNOSIS: 

(1) Patient is here to discuss abdominal pain.  I have reviewed his chart and it 
shows that he has a past history of type II diabetes.  He is also a smoker and
does not exercise as much as he should.  He is overweight and this can be
contributing to his type II diabetes and abdominal pain. 

(2) I would like to schedule an abdominal ultrasound for pt, to be done in 8-10
weeks. 

(3) Pt is a known case of type II diabetes and is a smoker.  I would recommend
     pt quit smoking. 

PLAN: 

(1) I will order an abdominal ultrasound with a follow up with me in 8-10
     weeks. Pt will be scheduled for an EKG and a lab panel in 2-4 weeks. 

(2) Pt is overweight and is a smoker.  I would recommend that pt lose some
     weight and quit smoking. 

(3) Pt is a known case of type II diabetes.  I would continue to follow up to
     ensure he is compliant with diet and medication.  Pt should also schedule an
     eye exam, to make sure he has no damage to his eyes.

I would like to see pt in 8-10 weeks.