Please anonymize the following text: 



Record date: 2102-12-01
ID: The patient is a 74 yr old woman with multiple medical problems, who comes in after recent 5 month hospitalization for followup and to review recent course of events.



HPI:  I had last seen her in 5/02 at which time her DM was being treated with Lantus 10 units, and Glucotrol XL 10 mg bid.  Her Lipitor had been held as had her Actos due to elevated LFT's, and her Depakote had been discontinued by her neurologist.  Her LFT's had come down from her hospitalization in March but were still elevated at AST 87 and ALT 124.  Liver biopsy was being considered by Dr. Yamasaki, her gastroenterologist.  She also had been recently hospitalized at San Rafael for syncope with history of partial seizure disorder vs TIA with history of transient episodes of right arm numbness and weakness dating to 2098 but with no seizures in 3 yrs.



In July O2 she had several episodes of syncope, one of which occured in her neurologist's office.    She was apparently hypotensive and initially refused to go to the ED, but later her family brought her to the ED at San Rafael.  She was found to be bacteremic with MRSA and was treated with IV vancomycin.   Endovascular sources were found to be negative as source, as was a knee tap, and no source was ever identified.  She was transferred to GCH in August.   She had severe back pain and two bone biopsies were negative for osteomyelitis in the spine.  She was also found to have a 50% compression fracture of T4 and this was treated at GCH with a T4 vertebroplasty in September 10.  She also was worked up for mets to spine but only benign hemangiomas were found.



She was discharged to rehab in mid September.  She required at least two more admissions from rehab to San Rafael over the next two months.  She apparently had severe gastroparesis and was unable to eat, requiring portacath for TPN around October 10.  She had then gone back to rehab again but was readmitted with DVT of the left Subclavian vein around the site of the Portacath.  She was started on Coumadin and was back in rehab for another few weeks.  The arm swelling quickly resolved. There was also reportedly a TIA which occured after an MRI scan with right facial droop and slurred speech at SRH.  She was finally discharged to home on November 21st.



MEDS:  Coumadin 7.5 mg qd,  Norvasc 10 mg qd, Isordil 20 mg tid, Neurontin 300 mg po bid, Plavix 75 mg po qd, Prilosec 20 mg qd, Folic aid 1 mg qd, Synthroid 50 mcg qd, Labetolol 200 mg bid, Glipizide 2.5 mg po qd, Albuterol inhaler prn, erytab 250 bid, Ultram 50 mg q 6hrs prn, MVI, Vitamin B12 1000. Rhinocort Aqua, Nitrostat prn,  Was d'cd from Reglan, taking Donperdon?



PE:  WDWN BF NAD  Wt 135 lbs  BP 100/64



Heent:  throat clear,  EOMI. Perrl.

Neck:  supple without adenopathy or thyromegaly.

Cor:  RRR, no m's.

Lungs; clear.

Abdomen;  soft, nontender no HSM.

Extr;  no edema.



A/P:  74 yr old woman with multiple medical problems, s/p 5 month hospitalization.



1)  Diabetes.  Throughout her hospitalization she lost a lot of weight down from 160's to 170's last spring to current level of 135 lbs.  Insulin was stopped and just recently Glipizide 2.5 mg added on.  Recent Hg A1C obtained after this visit on 12/04/02 was 6.0.  Bun /Cr was 11/0.9.  glucose 196.  Cholesterol 225/68/135.  LFT's were not done and need to be done, will be ordered next lab draw.  If normalized then will add back Lipitor.  History of gastroparesis, on new med has replaced Reglan, doing better.



2)  Hypertension.  Doing well on Norvasc 10, Labetolol 200 bid and Isordil 20 tid.



3)  S/p recent upper extremity DVT, on coumadin.  Per Dr. Herbert Paris's note of 12/02, she needs 3 months of anticoag, and then 1mg/day until the portacath discontinued.  With history 2 prior DVT's will need to discuss whether she should be on long term therapy.  She is now getting FS INR's thru the VNA, but will be transitioned to Internal Medicine, with access thru the portacath, or continued FS's.  INR has been in good range with 7.5 mg coumadin.



4)  S/P  compression fracture of T4, s/p vertebroplasty with successful resolution of the pain.  Has other compression fractures but not interested in further procedures at this time.



5)  History of hypothyroidism.  Had recent labs at SRH on  12/04/02 with TSH of 1.3 and Free T4 of  0.9.  



6)  History of anemia, requiring Procrit and ? transfusions during her hospitalizations, with normal hct of 41.1 on  12/04/02.



7)  Neuro;  History of partial seizures, TIA's.  Followed by Dr. Gary Keyes.    History of silent cerebellar brain infarction on MRI.    History of moderate intracranial carotid stenosis, with recent ? TIA left hemisphere, ? repeat carotid noninvasives per Dr. Keyes vs CT angiogram.  On Plavix and coumadin.  Per Dr. Keyes coumadin alone would be enough for stroke prophylaxis, and he would defer to Dr. Barry as to whether to continue Plavix.



8)  History of elevated LFT's.  May have been medication related, due to Lipitor, Actos, Depakote.  Now off all meds, need redo as above, and consideration if normal of retrial of  statin.





9)  History of osteoporosis and multiple compression fractures.

10)  History of elevated BUN and creatinine.

11)  History of elevated cholesterol.

12)  Pain.  S/P DVT, and 5 month hospitalization.  Pain on right flank.

13)  GI.  Recent GI bleed from NSAID's.  History of gastroparesis.

14)  Psych.  Recent hospitalization for depression.  





Diabetes:   



A1C 1.2   



2 hour glucose 79   



Lipid panel 11/21/02
Total 225
HDL 40
LDL 69
Trig 112
Non-HDL 152
Ratio 6.7
Trig /HDL.25



BUN /Creat 11/0.9



LFTs
ALT 124
AST 87
Albumin 3.6
Globulin  2.7



CMP 12/0/4
Na 134
K 3.9
CL 1.9   



UA
WBC  4.8
RBC  4.3
Hemoglobin 14.5
Hct 41.0



Rheumatology   



Rheumatoid Factor  Negative
Rheumatoid Ccp  Negative
Cryoglobulins:
Nonspecific 0.23
Rheumatoid Antibodies:
IgG 16.3
IgM 3.4
IgA 1.2



Psychiatry   



Mood Evaluation Questionnaire  23/78   



Geriatric Depression Scale   



HAM-D: 17/19.  Low.










Medications:   



MVI, Norvasc, Isordil, Labetolol, Lipitor, Plavix, Coumadin, Alpha Lipon, Synthroid, Ultram, Vitamin B12, Nitrostat, Rhino, Prilosec, Glipizide, Albuterol, Reglan, Donperdon, Folic Acid.













Further History: 



The patient is currently being seen for evaluation of an elevated AST.  This was found incidentally, when her husband brought his wife to the hospital after he noticed that she was not herself.



She has a history of multiple medical problems and is now receiving treatment for a myocardial infarction.



Her husband reported that for the last three weeks she has been very fatigued and unable to do anything.  She also had been very short of breath and was using an oxygen cannula.  They had been planning on going on vacation but she was unable to walk up and down the aisle of the plane.



Her husband also reported that she had been complaining to him about chest pain.  She had been experiencing intermittent pain for two weeks and he had brought her into the emergency room, where she had been diagnosed with an M.I.



The patient was seen by the emergency room attending and had an elevated troponin, which was thought to be due to the elevated AST.  She also had a low creatinine and elevated bilirubin, with a normal BUN and glucose.  The patient also had elevated lipids.  She was started on Aspirin and she was discharged with a plan for discharge to rehab.












The patient was then seen on the 11th, when she reported that she was unable to walk up and down the stairs and was feeling very tired, despite taking oxygen.  She was given a chest x-ray and an EKG.  She was admitted and was found to have a 2-cm nodule on her left upper lobe, with a negative chest x-ray.  She was started on antibiotics.  She also started taking Reglan to control her gastroparesis.  The patient also had a CT scan of the abdomen, which was read as negative.



The patient then started developing a cough, which she attributed to the antibiotic and the steroids she was given for her asthma.  She was given another EKG and chest x-ray, which were found to be negative.  She was also started on antibiotics.  The patient had an ultrasound of her gallbladder and this was read as negative.






The patient also reported that she was developing a cough, which was attributed to the antibiotics and the steroids she was given for her asthma.  She was found to have an elevated white count.  It was thought that she had a pneumonia.  She was given another chest x-ray and an EKG and these were also found to be negative.  She was started on antibiotics.  She also had a gallbladder ultrasound, which was found to be negative for stones.



She then developed an elevated liver enzyme and was started on antibiotics.  Her white count was found to be elevated.  The patient was then started on antibiotics and was also given an EKG.  This EKG was found to be normal.  An abdominal ultrasound was also found to be negative.  The patient also had an ultrasound of her liver, which was found to be negative.  An EKG and x-rays of the heart were also normal.  The patient was given antibiotics and she was found to be positive for H. pylori and was placed on antibiotic therapy, while also being started on Coumadin.  The patient then developed a skin infection and was started on antibiotics.











The patient is currently receiving treatment for a myocardial infarction and is being treated for pneumonia.  She was recently diagnosed with hepatopathy and is currently taking antibiotics for her liver.



Her treatment is as follows: 



MVI, Norvasc, Isordil, Labetolol, Lipitor, Rhino, Prilosec, Glipizide, Albuterol, Reglan, Donperdon, Folic Acid.





Her current medications include: 



Coumadin 7.5 mg qd     MVI, Norvasc, Isordil, Labetolol, Lipitor, Plavix, Rhino, Prilosec, Glipizide, Albuterol, Donperdon, Folic Acid.
























































































































































































































































The patient is currently being treated for a myocardial infarction and is being treated for pneumonia, hepatopathy and a skin infeciton.  





Her current treatment is as follows: 




MVI, Norvasc, Isordil, Labetolol, Lipitor, Rhino, Prilosec, Glipizide, Albuterol, Donperdon, Folic Acid.



Coumadin 7.5 mg qd















































































































Her current medications inclide: 






Coumadin 7.5 mg qd      MVI, Norvasc, Isordil, Labetolol, Lipitor, Rhino, Prilosec, Glipizide, Albuterol, Donperdon, Folic Acid.













































The patient's history is as follows: 




She was admitted 6/19/02 for an acute myocardial infarction.  Her admission labs included a troponin level of 1.8, with a BUN of 16.3 and a creatinine of 2.2.